Enforce `form-action` CSP directive (#267937)
elastic/kibana: docs/reference/cloud/elastic-cloud-kibana-settings.md

Reviewer: docs/reference/configuration-reference/general-settings.yml needs to be updated too to reflect this change.

```
      - setting: csp.form_action
        description: |
          Add sources for the [Content Security Policy `form-action` directive](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/form-action).
        datatype: string
        default: "['self']"
        applies_to:
          stack: ga 9.5
          ech: ga
          self: ga
```

```
      - setting: csp.report_only.form_action
        description: |
          Add sources for the [Content Security Policy `form-action` directive](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/form-action) in reporting mode.
        datatype: string
        applies_to:
          - stack: deprecated 9.5
          - ech: ga
          - self: ga
        deprecation_details: "This setting is deprecated in favor of `csp.form_action`."
```

`csp.object_src` {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3`
:   Add sources for the [Content Security Policy `object-src` directive](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/object-src).

`csp.form_action` {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3`
:   Add sources for the [Content Security Policy `form-action` directive](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/form-action). Rules may not contain `nonce-*` or `none` and will not override the defaults. **Default: [`'self'`]**

> 

Reviewer 2: @elena-shostak Let's confirm this `applies_to` designation. `9.3.0` already shipped, are we planning to backport this to `9.3.x`?

> Rules may not contain `nonce-*` or `none` and will not override the defaults.

Let's also double check if this is true or not - I see we aren't consistent with this line in our CSP docs here.

`csp.report_uri`
:   Add sources for the [Content Security Policy `report-uri` directive](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/report-uri).

> `csp.report_only.form_action`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`csp.report_only.form_action` {applies_to}`stack: deprecated 9.5`
```

> :   Deprecated. Use `csp.form_action` instead. Add sources for the [Content Security Policy `form-action` directive](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/form-action) in reporting mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Add sources for the [Content Security Policy `form-action` directive](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/form-action) in reporting mode.

     :::{admonition} Deprecation details
     Use `csp.form_action` instead. 
     :::
```
